CHUNK 1

We’re steering Vision2Reality Foundation and lifting each other to grow together in our mission of connecting B.C. entrepreneurs with the tools, community, and support they need to start and build their businesses.
Our Board of Directors: Ted Lau, Lora Covinha, Greg Dardis, Winnie Hsu, Queenki Gao.
CEO and founder: Winnie Hsu.
Co-Chief Executive Officer: Ryan Ching.
Vice President: Queenki Gao
Chief technology Officer: Hubert Liu
Director of Operations: Carlos Davalos
Programs and Events lead: Rebecca Liu
Program and Event Coordinator: Yadi Mao
Steven Li: Program Coordinator
Youth Program Coordinator: Noah Bianchi
Marketing Lead: Erica Nogueira
Social Media Manager and Content Creator: Estefania Galvan
Marketing Assistant: Aliyah Ali
Digital Marketing Coordinator: Tracy Anne Tan
Digital Marketing Coordinator: Mishka Fojas Ellis
Website Development Coordinator: Rachel Doan
Project Management Coordinator: Ana Lila Fukino
Digital Marketing Coordinator: Alex Lopez
People & Culture Development Coordinator: Ann-Christin Zillmann
People & Culture Development Coordinator: Ansel Hsu
Finance and Grants Coordinator: Davis Gao
Finance and Grants Coordinator: Hannah Gu
Finance and Grants Coordinator: Ibironke Eebi
Financial Planning Coordinator:  Diljot Singh
Financial Planning Coordinator: Jed Acierda
Finance Clerk: Jasdeep Pahal
Operations Coordinator: Tom Dao
Operations Coordinator: Toms Antony
Operations Coordinator: Oyeyinka Sanya
Operations Coordinator: Daniel Gimbernat
Volunteer With Us.
By becoming a volunteer, you’ll be able to join a dedicated team that is committed to helping the Vision2Reality community thrive. You’ll meet like-minded people and make valuable connections, while also enjoying a sense of fulfillment by giving back to the community.
As a volunteer, you will also be able to gain various types of business experience, such as Digital Marketing, Finance, Operations and more.
Our Community — Vision2Reality Foundation Our Community
Meet Our Community.
We're excited to have you here
Our Community is the simplest way to bring together network, entrepreneurial skills, events, practical resources, and leadership mindset —all in one place.
Here at Vision2Reality Community, our goal is to help you:
Meet other entrepreneurs, local business professionals and business owners like you.
We are here to connect, share our stories and experiences, and learn from each other. We are here for the community.
Make better, more well-informed decisions
We can all exchange ideas, learn new strategies, and uncover new ways to successfully launch and grow our businesses.
Get answers
Get answers to the burning questions you can't just Google when it comes to launching a new business with the community at the center of it.
Find inspiration
Find inspiration and get encouragement from your peers. 
GROW STRONGER TOGETHER
GROW STRONGER TOGETHER 
“I enjoy working with V2RF as it provides individuals and newcomers with resources and opportunities to expand or start their own businesses. Volunteering with V2RF is a truly unique experience as while volunteering and providing the community with resources that will help them this organization simultaneously provides volunteers with the opportunity to learn alongside them.”
Jasdeep Pahal
“ My name is M.J.Mojela from South Africa. I believe V2RF can help me to establish my business and how to get more volunteers to buy into the project. Also, to uphold the leadership skills and managerial skills to pursue my business with loyalty and integrity.”
Motlalepula Mojela
“I believe in the mission of the Vision to Reality Foundation. As a volunteer and advisor, it is a privilege to give back by fostering growth mindset, discussing strategic business practices, and sharing lessons learned with a vibrant and global community of business owners and entrepreneurs.”
Jennifer Straub 
What Our Volunteers Say.
“What I like about V2RF as a Volunteer, is my new acquired skill on Grant Writing and Application.”
Ibironke Eebi
“Being a volunteer in V2RF makes me realize every person can make a difference, and every person should try. It also helps me developing new skills and implement self improvement.”
Hannah Gu
“One thing that I enjoy about being a volunteer is that I get to learn how to facilitate a meeting and have an opportunity to connect and learn from experienced leaders.”